the balanced scorecard
is
strategic performance management tool
developed by dr. Robert Kaplan and dr.
David Norton who introduced the
methodology in 1992 through an article
published by the Harvard Business Review
they examined the most successful
businesses across the world and found
similarities in the way they were run
each of the top performing businesses
had a very clear vision and strategy
that was managed across the key areas of
Finance customer internal processes and
knowledge in growth Kaplan and Norton
formalized this structure as the
balanced scorecard creating perspectives
based on these key areas thus providing
the balance between financial and
non-financial measures the financial
perspective looks at top-level financial
objectives and measures to answer the
question how do we look to our
shareholders the customer perspective
focuses on customer satisfaction
answering the question how do our
customers see us the internal processes
perspective determines how well the
business is running and whether we
provide what our customers actually want
in other words what should we be best at
the learning and growth perspective
looks at people their skills training
leadership and knowledge answering the
question how can we improve and create
value the perspectives map out the
company vision and strategy this in turn
can lead to the creation of a formal
strategy map that is the company
strategy stated in simple terms in an
easy-to-understand form based on the
four balanced scorecard perspectives
within each perspective comes the
identification of a small number of
strategic objectives setting targets for
the objectives and then measuring
against the targets on a regular basis
to determine success or failure
measurement is undertaken through
performance measures a performance
measure should be one of a small number
of measures designed to be understood
easily and acted upon quickly much in
the same way as a doctor or nurse will
monitor pulse rate and temperature to
determine the overall health of a person
with performance measures we are
attempting to do the same for an
organization performance measures must
contain
both leading and trailing measures all
too often we concentrate on trailing
measures why because they are easy to
measure and they're accurate if I want
to lose weight I get on the scales this
gives me proof positive if I have
succeeded on it it does not give me any
help to succeed if I plan to go for a
series of runs and decide how much I'm
going to eat then I have put in place
two leading measures that will help me
succeed leading measures are harder to
identify but they are the only measures
that can be influenced and therefore
make a difference it is better to focus
on a small number of things that will
influence change rather than so many
that nothing gets achieved at all it has
been said if your strategy has three
objectives you will succeed in all three
if it has four to ten objectives you
will succeed in one to two if it
contains more than ten objectives you
will succeed in none a simple case of
the law of diminishing returns the
balanced scorecard has become an
extremely powerful tool to ensure
alignment through strategy maps improve
communication through a common language
and ultimately lead to a better
performing organization that is in tune
with its business strategy
you